feat(sudoku): implement environment (#125)
instadeepai/jumanji: docs/environments/sudoku.md

# Sudoku Environment

<p align="center">
        <img src="../env_anim/sudoku.gif" width="500"/>
</p>

We provide here a Jax JIT-able implementation of the
[Sudoku](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Sudoku) puzzle game.

## Observation
The observation given to the agent consists of:

- `board`: jax array (int32) of shape (9,9):

>     empty cells are represented by -1, and filled cells are represented by 0-8.

Author: Yeah the idea was that (0,0,0) was putting a 1 into the first cell. I also use one-hot encoding a few times, so more convenient to have the digits from 0 to 8. I don't think one solution is better than the other so I propose we stick with this one, WDYT?

- `action_mask`: jax array (bool) of shape (9,9,9):
    indicates which actions are valid.

## Action
The action space is a `MultiDiscreteArray` of integer values representing coordinates of the square
to explore and the digits to write in the cell, e.g. `[3, 6, 8]` for writing the digit `9`
the cell located on the third row and sixth column.

## Reward
The reward is `1` at the end of the episode if the board is correctly solved, and `0` in every
other case.

## Registered Versions 📖
- `Sudoku-v0`, the classic [game](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Sudoku) on
a 9x9 grid, 10000 random puzzles with mixed difficulty are included by default.

> - `Sudoku-very-easy-v0`, the classic [game](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Sudoku) on

Author: [This is the paper](https://www.researchgate.net/figure/Number-of-clues-for-each-difficulty-level_tbl1_259525699) is used to determine it was "very-easy", but I don't mind putting it as "easy".

> - `Sudoku-very-easy-v0`, the classic [game](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Sudoku) on

Reviewer: Oh fair, I'm okay with this if we include the reference somewhere.

> - `Sudoku-very-easy-v0`, the classic [game](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Sudoku) on

Author: Okay added the ref in sudoku.md

# Sudoku Environment

<p align="center">
        <img src="../env_anim/sudoku.gif" width="500"/>
</p>

We provide here a Jax JIT-able implementation of the
[Sudoku](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Sudoku) puzzle game.

## Observation
The observation given to the agent consists of:

- `board`: jax array (int32) of shape (9,9):
    empty cells are represented by -1, and filled cells are represented by 0-8.
- `action_mask`: jax array (bool) of shape (9,9,9):
    indicates which actions are valid.

## Action
The action space is a `MultiDiscreteArray` of integer values representing coordinates of the square
to explore and the digits to write in the cell, e.g. `[3, 6, 8]` for writing the digit `9`

> the cell located on the third row and sixth column.

Reviewer 2: Isn't it 4th row, 7th column?

Author: Yeah you're right, updating it.

> ## Reward

Reviewer 2: Should you discuss termination also?

Author: You're right, added a paragraph!

# Sudoku Environment

<p align="center">
        <img src="../env_anim/sudoku.gif" width="500"/>
</p>

We provide here a Jax JIT-able implementation of the
[Sudoku](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Sudoku) puzzle game.

## Observation
The observation given to the agent consists of:

- `board`: jax array (int32) of shape (9,9):
    empty cells are represented by -1, and filled cells are represented by 0-8.
- `action_mask`: jax array (bool) of shape (9,9,9):
    indicates which actions are valid.

## Action
The action space is a `MultiDiscreteArray` of integer values representing coordinates of the square
to explore and the digits to write in the cell, e.g. `[3, 6, 8]` for writing the digit `9` in
the cell located on the fourth row and seventh column.

## Reward
The reward is `1` at the end of the episode if the board is correctly solved, and `0` in every
other case.

## Termination

> An episode terminates where there is no more legal actions available, this could happen if the
> board is solved or if the agent finds himself in a dead-end.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
An episode terminates when there are no more legal actions available, this could happen if the
board is solved or if the agent finds itself in a dead-end.
```
